DOCS-974: Enhance service account documentation with licensing info and best practices (#1479)
wandb/docs: content/en/guides/hosting/iam/access-management/manage-organization.md

| Role   |   Definition   |
|-----------|---------------------------|
| Admin    | A user who can add and remove other users in the team, change user roles, and configure team settings.   |
| Member    | A regular user of a team, invited by email or their organization-level username by the team admin. A member user cannot invite other users to the team.  |
| View-Only (Enterprise-only feature) | A view-only user of a team, invited by email or their organization-level username by the team admin. A view-only user only has read access to the team and its contents.  |
| Custom Roles (Enterprise-only feature)   | Custom roles allow organization admins to compose new roles by inheriting from the preceding View-Only or Member roles, and adding additional permissions to achieve fine-grained access control. Team admins can then assign any of those custom roles to users in their respective teams. Refer to the [custom roles announcement](https://wandb.ai/wandb_fc/announcements/reports/Introducing-Custom-Roles-for-W-B-Teams--Vmlldzo2MTMxMjQ3) for details. |

> **Note**: Service accounts are not team roles, but rather non-human identities used for automation. Service accounts (Enterprise-only feature) provide API keys for automated workflows and do not consume user licenses. Refer to [Use service accounts to automate workflows]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/authentication/service-accounts.md" >}}) for comprehensive information about creating and managing service accounts.

Author: Please reformat this note using the Hugo alert shortcode.

| Role   |   Definition   |
|-----------|---------------------------|
| Admin    | A user who can add and remove other users in the team, change user roles, and configure team settings.   |
| Member    | A regular user of a team, invited by email or their organization-level username by the team admin. A member user cannot invite other users to the team.  |
| View-Only (Enterprise-only feature) | A view-only user of a team, invited by email or their organization-level username by the team admin. A view-only user only has read access to the team and its contents.  |
| Custom Roles (Enterprise-only feature)   | Custom roles allow organization admins to compose new roles by inheriting from the preceding View-Only or Member roles, and adding additional permissions to achieve fine-grained access control. Team admins can then assign any of those custom roles to users in their respective teams. Refer to the [custom roles announcement](https://wandb.ai/wandb_fc/announcements/reports/Introducing-Custom-Roles-for-W-B-Teams--Vmlldzo2MTMxMjQ3) for details. |

{{% alert color="info" %}}

> Service accounts are not team roles, but rather non-human identities used for automation. **Service accounts** (Enterprise-only feature) provide API keys for automated workflows and do not consume user licenses. Refer to [Use service accounts to automate workflows]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/authentication/service-accounts.md" >}}) for comprehensive information about creating and managing service accounts.

Reviewer: Service accounts aren't currently an Enterprise only feature. They are avalible for all paid accounts (see https://wandb.ai/site/pricing/)

Reviewer: What does the phrase "team roles" mean?

perhaps: Service accounts are not users?

Author: Edited

> Service accounts are not team roles, but rather non-human identities used for automation. **Service accounts** (Enterprise-only feature) provide API keys for automated workflows and do not consume user licenses. Refer to [Use service accounts to automate workflows]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/authentication/service-accounts.md" >}}) for comprehensive information about creating and managing service accounts.

Author: ```suggestion
Service accounts are not users, but rather non-human identities used for automation. **Service accounts** provide API keys for automated workflows and do not consume user licenses. Refer to [Use service accounts to automate workflows]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/iam/authentication/service-accounts.md" >}}) for comprehensive information about creating and managing service accounts.
```
